Update index.md (#2266)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/opentelemetry-instrumentation/java/index.md

The [agent](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/releases/download/v1.16.0/opentelemetry-javaagent.jar) should be downloaded and distributed to each of the service hosts or containers, as the JVM will need access to it.

:::note

> Please ensure that the agent has root permission for the Java jar files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the agent has root permissions for the Java jar files.
```

Author: Looks good. Thanks @kimsauce
